doc/DESCRIPTION.md, before:

[![pytest](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/pytest.yml) [![YunoHost apps package linter](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/package_linter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/package_linter.yml)

Demo [YunoHost Application](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=django_example_ynh) to demonstrate the integration of a [Python](https://www.python.org/)/[Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) project under YunoHost using [django_yunohost_integration](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_yunohost_integration).

[![Integration level](https://dash.yunohost.org/integration/django_example_ynh.svg)](https://dash.yunohost.org/appci/app/django_example_ynh) ![](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/django_example_ynh.status.svg) ![](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/django_example_ynh.maintain.svg)
[![Install django_example_ynh with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.svg)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=django_example_ynh)


Pull requests welcome ;)

Commit message:

Use "django-example" as DEMO project
https://github.com/jedie/django-example

doc/DESCRIPTION.md, after:

[![pytest](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/pytest.yml) [![YunoHost apps package linter](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/package_linter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_example_ynh/actions/workflows/package_linter.yml)

Demo [YunoHost Application](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=django_example_ynh) to demonstrate the integration of a [Python](https://www.python.org/)/[Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) project under YunoHost using [django_yunohost_integration](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/django_yunohost_integration).

To demonstrate the functionality the small [django-example](https://github.com/jedie/django-example) app will be installed.

[![Integration level](https://dash.yunohost.org/integration/django_example_ynh.svg)](https://dash.yunohost.org/appci/app/django_example_ynh) ![](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/django_example_ynh.status.svg) ![](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/django_example_ynh.maintain.svg)
[![Install django_example_ynh with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.svg)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=django_example_ynh)


Pull requests welcome ;)
